>> Jon Kuperman: So let's start off
back at the beginning of that list,
just talking about keyboards.
So one of the best things that you can do,
we mentioned two things, we mentioned
being able to use all the features
of your site with just a keyboard.
And then kind of on top of that
are the main workflow items,
can those be done relatively quickly?
So how many kind of keystrokes does
it take to get to a certain area?
So one of the biggest things that you
can do to make your site a lot easier
is add some sort of keyboard shortcuts.
So the common tasks that you do and
giving those a keyboard shortcut.
So for some examples, if you go to
Twitter and you hit question mark.
So, shift, question mark,
up pops this modal of keyboard shortcuts.
And now these are single keys that you can
enter at any time on Twitter that will do
actions.
And you can kind of see here that almost
all, if not all of the main actions that
can be taken can be done with at most,
two key strokes.
So again, keyboard only is great, you
should be able to tab down, do a Tweet,
and then favorite it or whatever, like it.
But then even better than that, is there
a short key to get to those Tweets or
do you have to tab through the whole
nav bar, things like that.
So all the big social networks have these.
Here's Facebook's, right,
it has their own as well.
And if you'll notice there, any vim users
out there will take comfort in the fact
that keyboard shortcuts almost
always follow the vim hjkl?,
and all those different things.
So that's kind of nice.
But either way, these are great, they're
always there and they can really help.
Make things easier, they also, and
a lot of this stuff, like I said,
applies to all users, these keyboard
shortcuts are also great for power users.
So, again, just offering a nice easy way
while you're already at your keyboard to
check your notifications,
or update a status, or
something like that are really nice.
If anybody's interested in
implementing them I have this library.
It's really minimal,
it's called shortcut, it's on my GitHub.
And basically it's just a zero
dependency keyboard shortcut generator.
So it fires generic events like next item,
previous item, things like that.
And it's up to you to put your
application logic in those call backs.
What does next item mean,
things like that.
But, anyway, this library's free
to use and it's open source.